---
type: page
title: Mocking Default Landing Page
listed: true
slug: mocking-default-landing-page
description: 
index_title: Mocking Default Landing Page
hidden: 
keywords: 
tags: 
---

{% code-steps title="Mocking Default Landing Page" description="In this example, we'll construct the landing page that you can see at [https://docs.developerhub.io](https://docs.developerhub.io) . Our landing page is auto-generated, which means that it automatically updates whenever the contents of the docs are changed. The page consists of a \"hero\", which we won't go through since it's basic HTML, and then the autogenerated part.

In the auto-generated part, we should a card for every category in our Support Center documentation section. Every cards lists 3 pages and a Show All button.

{% inline-image url="asset:2zx88kcpmcw5" width="523" mode="w100" /%}" %}
{% step title="HTML" description="The HTML for the landing page is very simple. All it is shown is a heading and then a div with id `landing-cards` in which we will generate the cards." codeId="code-1" %}
{% /step %}
{% step title="Listening to \"oncardschanged\"" description="To show the cards, we can listen to an [event](/support-center/developer-tools#landing-page-cards-generated) called `oncardschanged`. This event is dispatched when the reader navigates to the landing page. The event details contain the information needed to generate the layout." codeId="eWJte" highlightLines="1-2,47-48" %}
{% /step %}
{% step title="Checking if we're on a landing page" description="Check if we're on a landing page as opposed to a custom page. (You could also implement the same thing on a custom page if needed)" codeId="eWJte" highlightLines="3-5" %}
{% /step %}
{% step title="Generating cards" description="`event.detail.docs` is an array of objects representing the available [card grouping strategy](/support-center/landing-page#cards-generation-strategy). Each object (variable `card` here) has a `title` and a `link`. This represents a category in our documentation. We'll create a card of each one of them, then create an H4 which will contain the link to the title." codeId="eWJte" highlightLines="6-20,44" %}
{% /step %}
{% step title="Generate links" description="Each object also has `details`, which again is an array of objects containing titles and links. This represents a page in our documentation. We'll create a link for each object and place it in the card." codeId="eWJte" highlightLines="22-28" %}
{% /step %}
{% step title="Finalising the UI" description="The rest of the code is using bootstrap classes to make two nice columns and adding the cards to them. There is a \"Show All\" button which takes the main link of the card." codeId="eWJte" highlightLines="30-43" %}
{% /step %}
{% step title="Setting up Links" description="The last function `window.applyClickHandlersOnLinks()` tells the renderer to make the links that were just added using javascript into single page application links. Without this call, clicking on a link makes the whole page refresh. Always remember to call it after all links are added." codeId="eWJte" highlightLines="46" %}
{% /step %}
{% code id="code-1" language="html" title="HTML" %}
<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col">
      <h4 style="border-bottom: 3px solid #ff536b; border-radius: 1px; display: inline-block; margin-bottom: 64px; line-height: 2;">
        Browse through our documentation
      </h4>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="row" id="landing-cards">
  </div>
</div>
{% /code %}
{% code id="eWJte" language="html" title="Custom HEAD Tags" %}
<script>
  document.addEventListener('oncardschanged', function (event) {
    if (event.detail.sectionType !== "landing-page") {
      return;
    }
    const cardsContainer = document.querySelector('#landing-cards');
    event.detail.docs.forEach((card) => {
      const cardDiv = document.createElement('DIV');
      cardDiv.classList.add('landing-card', 'docs-card');

      const h4CardTitle = document.createElement('H4');
      h4CardTitle.classList.add(['title']);
      h4CardTitle.innerText = card.title;

      const titleAnchor = document.createElement('A');
      titleAnchor.classList.add('clickable');

      titleAnchor.href = card.link;
      titleAnchor.appendChild(h4CardTitle);
      cardDiv.appendChild(titleAnchor);

      card.details.forEach((cPage) => {
        const aLink = document.createElement('A');
        aLink.classList.add('d-block', 'link', 'clickable');
        aLink.href = cPage.link;
        aLink.innerText = cPage.title;
        cardDiv.appendChild(aLink);
      });

      rowSeparator = document.createElement('DIV');
      rowSeparator.classList.add('col-xs-12', 'col-sm-6', 'col-lg-6');
      rowSeparator.appendChild(cardDiv);

      const showAllA = document.createElement('A');
      showAllA.href = card.link;

      const showAllDiv = document.createElement('DIV');
      showAllDiv.classList.add('show-all');
      showAllDiv.innerHTML = 'Show all<i class="fas fa-chevron-right"></i>';
      showAllA.appendChild(showAllDiv);
      cardDiv.appendChild(showAllA);

      cardsContainer.appendChild(rowSeparator);
    });

    window.applyClickHandlersOnLinks();
  });
</script>
{% /code %}
{% /code-steps %}